Document protocol details in READMEs (#37)
flashbots/attested-tls: crates/nested-tls/readme.md

# nested-tls

Nested TLS primitives.

> This crate provides wrappers around `rustls'` `Acceptor` and `Connector` for

Reviewer: **typo:**

```suggestion
This crate provides wrappers around `rustls`'s `Acceptor` and `Connector` for
```
